all right baby that's not baby
previously on half agua aid hey do you
want to come over for some tea this is
green tea right here I found some other
dorm videos and there were a lot of
unanswered questions it may have been a
joke health 5 are you permitted to have
guests at any hours I'm wondering if my
Chinese girlfriend can spend the night
next semester so the answer to your
question is no they strict as he'll be
all right it's all good but our our
visiting hour ends at 11:00 p.m. strict
so whenever they come in they have to
sign in at the front desk and you have
three strikes per semester so if you go
over three times you'll get kicked out
of the room choose your wifey's wisely
next question Griggs pan ass are there
any workout facilities how are they are
they do okay okay yeah they are there
are two on campus so one is a big gym
with a lot of people and it's really
sweaty and it smells gross but that was
cheap it's 450 yen per semester but that
one I go to is above this swimming pool
and this one is really good it has fake
grass it's like a CrossFit gym and then
no one is there when I go in the morning
it's only me so this one's like double
the Prez but it's completely worth it
Marisa r92 she says we can see the
scholarship students dormitory well
actually you're seeing it right now
because I'm a scholarship student so
scholarship students get the a/b room
which is what I have automatically yeah
yeah so when you register they'll just
register you into the
rooms you get a washroom kitchen and
then you share it with another person so
next question bubble bubble bubble
bubble ooh it's the next question bubble
you you know it's bubble ooh Leo as how
much is the rent for that because I'm
thinking of going there for abroad well
the rent is normally for the single room
it's $80 per day so for the semester
it's like twelve thousand you're gonna
per semester
around there same with this one but like
I get this one for free but the single
room is also eighty and you get your own
space yeah but then like the four
scholarship students if you want to
change to the single room it's like a
hassle and you have to pay six thousand
extra next one you want to read it I
can't see anything cuz I'm your life I
just like funny things said going to
Chinua this summer and for what I can
tell it's gonna be fun but from the
campus maps and whatnot the dorms seem
to be everywhere and I can't seem to
figure out what housing is like well you
don't need to worry because all the
international exchange students they
live in the gene dorm there is nothing
else actually there's one thing there's
a a YC but random people get assigned to
that so when you register most like
ninety percent of people are in the gene
oh another thing that's interesting is
that they'll let you choose between
building 19 or any other building most
of the time and something to keep in
mind is that building 19 has wood floors
whereas all the others have like ceramic
floors really I didn't know that and the
thing with that is that they're gonna
ask you do you want wood floors or do
you want there to be a kitchen because
the ones with ceramic floors 20 21 22
have a kitchen it's a thing it's a thing
no oh I have a microwave and then what
are the dormitory rules well there's a
huge list but the main one is there are
times for hot water
which is the worst thing ever so hot
water ends at 12 p.m. every single night
so when you go out clubbing or you go
out drinking you come back you're gonna
stay sweaty or suffer the kosher I mean
we went out last night so I don't know
it's probably like a mix of alcohol and
Musk where you think all right do you
want to close it off by No so I hope you
guys subscribe down below is it that oh
yeah I remember you go my side no none
that they're literate people they can
read so dry right so subscribe like
comment comment what what do you know
what do you want to be copied what's
your favorite thing about Jade and that
is it
see you next time subscribe like our
next week yes go go follow her on
Instagram she has a very dairy choose
your words lovely young men
let us busy go peace
[Music]